Yep.
Um, and so super excited about
today, um, and the opportunity
to share with you guys.
Um, a couple things and, and I, you know,
back at my past church that I was at, uh,
in Oklahoma, we always took, um, usually
the first Sunday that we met and we would
take some time to reflect on the year
before, and then we would take some time
to cast vision for the year coming up.
And I loved that because I felt like,
um, one of the things is, is if you
don't celebrate what you just went
through and you try to just cast
vision for what you're going towards,
you really miss some key things.
And whenever I begin to just reflect
on all that God has done this year,
guys, that some of the things I'm
gonna read today, I started going, oh
my gosh, like, wow, there was a lot of
things that our church was involved in.
Each one of us was involved in
some lives change, and, and I
just was just blown away by it.
And so I'm hoping that you'll celebrate
the same way that I celebrated and
just reflect on really how much
our church has been a part of.
And then as we begin to talk about,
um, the new year and some new things
for, for us to be involved in, for our
whole church to be involved in that.
You guys will be excited to be a part of
that and you'll be excited to, um, what I
would even say this, to begin to pray and
just ask the Lord to guide and direct us.
Um, because I believe this year,
and this is my statement today, this
year is going to be a year of faith.
Usually there's some kind of word.
And last year, it's kind of
interesting, last year I kinda
had this word faithful, right?
Faithful was kind of like this
idea of no matter what's going on
around me, I wanna be faithful.
Well, this year the Lord gave
me the word faith and I believe
this is gonna be a year of faith.
And, and the crazy part about that
is, In three years of church planting,
you would think, man, you know,
you guys have already had to have a
lot of faith to get to this point.
As a church, here's my conviction
and I hope you feel it as well.
I believe we're gonna need
even more faith this year.
And what do you mean by more faith?
We can't, is there, is there like
an unlimited amount of faith?
Yes, but it's trusting God more
this year than we ever have before.
Man, that's maybe a
better way to explain it.
So it's gonna be a year of faith.
And so I wanna start off by asking some
questions you guys to get kind of some
feedback from you before we jump in.
And the reason why is you guys
have showed up here today for some
reason, and I'm hoping it's not
just free childcare and coffee.
And if it is, great, I'm hoping they take
care of your kids and that coffee's great,
but you've shown up here for a reason.
You've come back for a reason.
You love this church, or you're
trying out this church for a reason.
And what I would love is for us
to kind of share why you are here.
Why you're here at Inspiring Hope.
Why do you keep coming back?
I would love to hear a little bit of that
before we jump in and reflect on the year.
So whoever wants to jump in first,
why are you here at Inspiring Hope
and why do you keep coming back?
Community.
What else?
You don't know why the alarm
goes off and you show up.
Yeah.
Be able to grow your relationship.
We got here.
Awesome.
What else?
Mm-hmm.
. Cool.
So you love the vision.
You're committed to it.
Awesome.
Yes.
Cool.
Couple more people.
Why are you here?
Why do you keep coming back?
Yeah.
Mm-hmm.
. Cool.
Yeah.
That's awesome.
Cool.
Anybody else?
Why are you here?
Why do you keep coming back?
One more person.
I'm just gonna challenge one more person.
If you just talk, we'll move on.
Anybody?
Okay?
Yes, they, they're working.
They're working.
Cuz I'm texting you and I'm
saying if you don't come.
No . Hey, that's, that's okay.
That's great.
I know there's a reason why the spirit God
puts, puts you on my heart to text you.
Um, well, um, I, I know many of you
are just even afraid to talk and
you have some reasons why you're
here and why you keep coming back.
Um, but I, I'm gonna have Matt and
Amanda share why they joined Inspiring
Hope, why they keep coming back and
serving and doing what they're gonna do.
I'm gonna let them share for a little
bit and then I'm gonna jump in and we'll,
we're gonna get going, but I'd love for
you guys to hear kind of their story.
Go in the middle.
Hi, everybody.
Um, so we didn't really negotiate
what we're gonna talk about
beforehand, which we should have,
I think we both had in our head.
So we're both gonna talk, but we'll
try to keep it as short as possible.
Um, so I know for me, I, I grew
up in the church but sort of
bounced around churches growing up.
Never was really committed any place.
Um, moved out to Ohio from California.
Found a church but wasn't really involved.
We met, got married, had a
church, weren't really involved,
tried to get involved, couldn't.
And there was just like this really
weird thing of like, we couldn't
find a church that was providing
what we wanted for ourselves.
Um, and it was actually
really interesting.
I was sort of complaining about this
to one of my mentors at one point
and I was like, we just, there's no
churches that are what we want it to be.
And she was like, well, why don't
you create what you want in a church?
And I was like, what?
And she was like, well, you know, if
you have this laid on your heart, if
there's something specific that you're
looking for, if you want community of
people who actually care about you,
if you want, you know, whatever, you
know, list of laundry, list of things
I was saying I wanted at the time.
She's like, Be the church
because you are the church.
Um, and so, um, I'm gonna cry.
Gosh.
Um, so when we had this opportunity, we
actually were almost a part of like a
church revitalization effort And, uh,
a few years ago, before Ben and Britney
even had a inspiring hope as a glimmer
in their eye, um, that fell apart.
And so we kind of started to
get excited about this idea
of like, What do we create?
Like we get to be on the ground floor
of starting something new and, and
helping to be the church that we want.
Um, and then fell through was very sad.
Um, anyways, and then we met Ben
and Brittany through our previous
church, and it was just very clear
that this was that opportunity.
Uh, we loved the mission and the vision
that Ben shared and his heart for
wanting to spread the gospel through
practical things, not just through,
you know, shouting on the rooftops or
on the street corners, but by being
in the schools and by being in the
community and by actually putting walk
to the things that we were talking.
Um, and so, yeah, I think, you know,
for us, or I'll say for me, um, it's
very much about, you know, I, I never
had a church community that came around
me that loved me, that would mentor
me, that would disciple me growing up.
And so now we have the opportunity
to be the community that
we wish we had in the past.
Yeah, I mean, I would, I would
definitely echo a lot of that.
I think, um, For me, it was, it was, uh,
a lot of, you know, kind of growing up in
church and being kind of half in, right?
Like, especially, you know, being a
teenager and, and doing like just a
little bit here, a little bit there,
going on youth retreats, but not
really plugged in, specifically plugged
in, in my faith, um, as an adult.
Um, you know, getting married and,
and just realizing the, the weight
of taking on our relationship, our
spiritual relationship and, and my
own, you know, um, position to God.
I, I kinda had to, to make some, some
kind of radical, radical changes, I
think, in the way that, that I thought.
But I also believe full, uh,
wholeheartedly that, that God was
involved in that process too, that I
started to see my, my role a little bit
differently because of changes in my
life, but that God put that on my heart.
And that he did a lot of the
heavy lifting to change my heart.
And one of the first ways that I
think he started to change my heart
was towards giving one of the very
first things that we did as a couple.
Um, we made it a deliberate decision
to start giving monthly to the church.
And we said, minimum is 10%,
not because that's, you know,
some, some like, holy thing.
But because that, that was what, you
know, I think God put into our hearts
that said, you're committed, you're in.
And it was weird because I
mean, and, and it makes sense.
Uh, you know, Jesus talks in the New
Testament and the gospels about, you know,
where your, um, where your treasures are.
That's also where, um,
your heart is, right?
And so in that phase of our life, our,
our treasure was very much in our money.
You know, early marriage, you know,
we , we, we didn't have a lot to
commit, so we decided this was hard.
We're gonna do it, we're gonna
commit it, and we're going to.
Use whatever pain or struggle or, or
complication or whatever, whatever
it is, we're gonna use that as a way
to remind us of God's faithfulness.
And you know what the crazy thing was?
Like God was faithful through, through it
and we didn't really struggle as much as
I think we, we thought we were going to.
The second way that I think God started to
impress on my heart, um, that I needed to,
to change was there was a drive in me to
get plugged in and to get involved and to
be like a servant rather than to receive.
And I don't, I don't, don't
entirely know why that is.
That might be per personality, but
I also think that, that the Lord was
waking something up in my heart to say,
look like there is a time to be served.
And there's also a time where, where I'm
calling you to do something, you know,
I'm calling you to, to do something.
Um, You know, for the Kingdom of
God for me, not just for yourself
and the selfishness that I felt, the
selfishness of time, the selfishness,
again, you know, financial selfishness.
I, I think God was calling me to start
to think differently about those things.
Where my time was not just my own,
you know, my, my strength and my,
um, capabilities were not just
things that I could use, you know,
to make money or, um, you know, to do
hobbies or, um, you know, to, to do
stuff around the house or whatever.
Like, it was always something, you know,
I just, I felt like the Lord was calling
me, you know, into something else.
And I mean, we, we bounced around,
uh, a couple churches, I think
early, um, in around 2016 we
moved to ci, the Cincinnati area.
. And it was weird because it was one
of those things where I started to
feel like God was calling me to serve.
But every church that we went
to, there was nowhere to serve.
It was all, it was all done.
It was like all done for me.
And it was just a struggle.
But I think, you know, again, the Lord
was in that, that like inability to
get plugged in in the wrong place.
Does that make sense?
Like we didn't get plugged in at any
of the big churches around because the
Lord had something be better for us.
And like Amanda said, when, when
the opportunity arose to try to
do the revitalization project, we
were like, that sounds really cool.
I think because we had already
started to feel the fire, you
know, starting to, to glow, right?
Of, you know what, like there are people
in this world that are suffering there.
There are people in this world that are
just tired, tired of life and tired of,
of the struggle, and they need help.
They need something better.
And the idea of a church being in
that position, we were like, Let's
go, let's we're, you know, we're in.
And sadly that that didn't work out, but
that led us to a place where eventually,
um, you know, when, when we met Ben
and Britney, we started to catch their
vision and their vision and our vision.
It just seemed like it aligned.
And it was, you know, at that point it
was just really easy for us to say, look,
you know, God lit this fire years ago in
our relationship, in our lives now I think
he's, he's calling us to commit to jump
in and we don't know what it looks like.
It could be, you know, an hour a week.
It could be, you know, just coming
on Sundays and, and figuring out
what, what needs to get done.
Or it could be, you know, a little
bit, you know, progressive where
it's, you know, a couple hours a week.
And I think that's, that's where the Lord,
um, is calling us into is, is to say, I
don't know what this is gonna look like,
but what if he does something great with.
right?
Like, it doesn't have to be, you know,
something stellar or, or, or earth
shattering, you know, like five minutes
a week, you know, of, of a commitment
of saying, you know, this would be my,
my time to, to relax, to watch tv, to
read a book, to whatever, and say, Lord,
I want, I want to be able to spend this
time with you and then for you, right?
Like, you know, and it's crazy how
that five minutes turns into 10
minutes, turns into 30 minutes, and
suddenly you start to feel that fire
grow in your heart because at that
point, you're not the one doing it.
The Lord is doing it in your heart.
Um, and so that's, that's just
kind of my story, that hopefully
that's our story in a nutshell,
Awesome.
Thanks so much for sharing.
I know that, um, I could probably ask
that question to many of you, and if
you were bold enough to be able to
share there, there's different reasons
why God had put on your heart to join
Inspiring Hope or even to come visit.
Um, and the reason why I want
you to think on that is because
I think that's critical.
And so, you know, um, it, it's important
to think through why you're here.
Um, because I think at times, whenever
you're thinking about a church, we're
a little bit smaller of a church
and so it's harder to be invisible.
And so y'all know you're,
none of y'all are visible.
Cuz I pretty much like I texted everybody.
Okay.
Cuz it's easy to do that as a small
church, it's easy to text everybody.
Um, in a bigger church,
it's easier to hide.
Um, and so you're, you're, you're,
I, I can see you, you can see me.
We we're very close in this relationship.
But asking that question, why
is so important in this season
as a church where we're heading.
Um, because as a church,
this is our church.
This is where I keep using that language.
I used last year during Vision
Sunday, this is our church.
This has no longer been
in Britt's Church plant.
This is our.
We all have a role to play and, and
the challenge will be today is to ask
that question, where is God calling
me to be in place in that role?
And for some of you, maybe you've
been coming for a year, maybe coming
for a couple weeks, you may say,
maybe this isn't the church for me.
Maybe your why to being here is not
gonna match with what we're doing.
Maybe it is, I, I I'm challenging you to
seek the Lord and, and figure that out,
and figure out what God's calling you to
do and to be a part of in this church.
Um, my goal today is to,
to share a few things.
So I'm gonna start with this
Habak two, two, that's a big word.
Haba two, two says this.
Then the Lord answered me and
said, write the vision and make it
plain on tablets that he may run.
Whoever reads it, make it.
On tablets that he may
run, whoever reads it.
One of the goals of our church
ever since, uh, we started just
writing on a piece of paper what
God would call us to plant a church.
As I said this, I believe God's
called us to plant a simple
and cost effective church.
A simple and cost effective church.
Wanna know why?
It's simple?
Cuz I'm not very smart and I know
that if it's difficult for me, it's
gonna be difficult for other people.
And I'm, I think you guys are smarter
than me, so I can probably make it a
little bit more complicated, but simple.
And the idea is that I don't think
we have to complicate how church
functions, the body of Christ functions.
And I think we need to make it
simple so that it's easy to know
how to be a part of the church.
Because I think I've, I've had
that same story from other people.
We go to a church and we don't
know how to get involved.
We wanna make it simple to get involved.
And I think that's going to
continue to be a part of our
mission and vision as we go forward.
Um, but as I think about this
Year of faith, I wanna give you
two examples before we kind of
talk about some celebrations.
Um, one is the faith of Daniel.
And this is, this is thought.
Think about this idea.
Daniel's faith again, Daniel was
the one that was in the lions den.
His faith wasn't built in the lions den.
It was already built in the prayer closet.
If you'll remember Daniel's story,
he prayed three times a day.
And when the lions den came,
he already had faith because
of his time with the Lord.
So Daniel didn't wait until
the lion's in to have faith.
I believe our leadership, I believe our
church has been in the prayer clause, I
believe, believe we've been praying in
seeking the Lord in this season ahead.
I think we're ready and I'm praying that
we are ready, uh, and we all are ready
to be a part of what God has for us.
We're gonna talk about
Abraham's story today.
Um, and it's gonna take faith like
Abraham to see all that God wants us to
see and experience this year, and, and
I'm ready to have faith and to do that.
Before we jump off into that, I
wanna take some time to celebrate.
So I want to kind of just fill you guys
in on 2022, what happened in the life
of this church in some tangible way.
If you've been here for a couple
weeks to three years, you've been
a part of this last year, and I
wanna share some of those ways.
First of all, we saw several kids in
adults give their lives to Christ and
fall through and believers' baptism,
we had several baby dedications.
It seems like those are always
coming up, which is great.
Um, we've had several members, and this
is hard to even associate with or even
to count, but we've said several people
in our church take steps of faith,
start leading discipleship groups,
attending discipleship groups, uh,
sharing their faith, inviting people
to church, coming to small group for
the first time, serving in the church,
inviting and continually being a part
of the mission of inspiring hope.
And again, that's hard to even
measure, but I've seen so many of you
do those things of this last year.
And when we think about, as a church,
we've committed to not be a church that's
just in a building that's in our city to
be a but be a people that is in our city
and we're known out in our community.
And so I wanna just give you
some ways that we did that.
So as a church, you probably heard
us mention this before, but we have
church, other churches come to our
city and help us serve our city.
They're called mission teams.
Uh, and, and basically they'll send
anywhere between seven to 25 people,
um, from five different states.
We've had Oklahoma, Missouri, um,
South Carolina, Tennessee, Kentucky,
and then I guess you'll count Ohio.
Cause we've had some
teams in Ohio as well.
But all these teams come from these
other churches to help us serve our city.
And so this is what they did.
There was 10 different teams
that came last year, 175 people
helped us serve our city.
And let me tell you how we did that.
We served local ministries such as
Pathway to Hope, hype Hopes Closet,
boys and Girls Clubs, surf City, hospice
of Cincinnati, Booker t Washington,
Y M C A, and Hopeful Pastures.
Those are just the ministries,
several of our teams.
Here's one of the cool parts.
Several of our teams not only
just served in our community,
but served other churches.
Um, we want to be kingdom
minded as a church.
And so we did that by partnering
with an Arabic church plant that was
out of Lakota Hills in Westchester.
We partnered and, and helped
serve the covering a couple of
days, which is out in Springdale.
And then we also helped serve North
Fairfield Baptist with a few things that
they needed, um, as well as writing,
encouraging notes and cards to all
of our local pastors in our community
because we wanna be kingdom to minus.
So some of our, our team
helped us with that.
Um, some of our teams
helped us serve at schools.
So at Wilson Middle School and
Riverview Elementary, we, I know
at some point last year we brought
some gifts and encouraging cards.
Um, at Wilson Middle School, we hosted
an afterschool event for 200 kids.
Um, and that was an amazing opportunity.
Um, some of our teams helped us
serve in local events, right?
Hosting events in the parks, sports camps,
volunteered at vacation Bible school.
These teams canvased several homes
where they would just knock on doors
and say, Hey, how can we pray for you?
How can we serve you?
How can we meet needs?
Some of them went back and built fences.
Um, they raked yards.
They did all kinds of opportunities.
Um, and then just the last thing,
they brought breakfast and gifts to
local businesses and fire departments.
To tell 'em that we love them and
support them and there's more.
These are just mission teams from
outside of our state that came in
to say they would believe in the
vision, they believe in the ministry
of this church and this community.
And they came in and loved on them.
And I think that's amazing guys, that
we have that many people, 175 people,
10 different churches that want to
see Hamilton Minister to loved on and
supported and shared the love of Christ.
And I think that's amazing that
we even had that many partners,
um, that God would do that.
But let's just talk about
our team as, as a church.
We had served Sundays and I'm, I think
we're gonna have to change that name
cuz sometimes we don't serve on Sundays.
Sometimes we serve on
Saturdays or Midweeks.
So we had several serve opportunities
this past year as a church.
So it, I'm just gonna kinda walk
through on the line of what we did.
We, we wrote encouraging cards to
teachers and staff and packaged
gifts specifically for them.
Um, at the beginning of last year, we
had a parents' night out where several
families came from the community.
Um, and enjoyed that.
We had an Easter egg hunt for
those that attended after service.
We provided, um, a teacher appreciation
celebration for Wilson Middle School.
After, um, at the end of the year
on May, we hosted a VBS at Riverview
Elementary and a celebration Sunday
with a hundred people f in attendance.
And as a church, you can tell like
there was several people from our
community that got to come out to that.
Um, we, we put on a fall
fun fest at Riverview.
It seems like we're always at Riverview.
Okay.
I think we're always there.
It just seems like it, but
500 people came out to that.
We did, uh, uh, Hamilton
welcomes the holidays.
Uh, several of you served there.
We provided those
Christmas gifts to 20 kids.
Um, and I know that those
families were majorly impacted.
Um, I know for me personally, I was
involved several different times
bringing breakfast to teachers,
um, in our community, I think at
four different schools this year.
Um, and got the opportunity to
give motivational talks to teachers
and staff as well as to student.
And so much more.
Those are just some of
the things I can remember.
Like I'm going back on Facebook
looking at memories and we're not
very good at sharing some of those
things, but I'm like, that's a lot of
stuff that we did just as a church.
This group right here, and the few people
that are missing are online, right?
That that's the group
of people that did this.
I think that's amazing.
Like I'm not patting ourselves on
the back, is that we're a big deal.
Here's what I wanna say.
God did some really cool things through
us and I, I'm just thankful that he chose
us to do this, to come together as a group
to serve our city, because we want to be
a church that is serving our community.
I, I remember this, my pastor
reminded me this, if your church
closed its doors today and leftist
community, would anybody know?
I believe our community would know
if we left because we're serving
and, and my hope is the more and
more we build those relationships,
they know why we're serving.
Not just the meet and need, which I wanna
meet, but to also see that we are doing
it because Jesus has changed our lives.
So let me give you some updates, just
financially what we did as a church.
I know some of you have some, some
questions about our month of generosity.
I'm gonna give an update on that.
But just so you even know as a
church, how we even fund our church,
and I've kind of shared this before,
but as a church, we, we gave, um,
$80,000 last year as as a church.
And I think that's amazing.
Uh, we gave $80,000.
Outside of that.
We have churches that support us.
A lot of those teams that came, churches
that support us, they gave us $150,000
to be able to do ministry, um, this year.
Uh, and again, you kind of see
those numbers pretty lopsided.
Eventually that's gotta shift because
a, a, after a couple of years, those
ministries will move on and they'll
stop supporting us and we'll start
self-sustaining, hopefully as a church.
And that requires all of us to do that.
But what did we give this year?
Just through missions, we gave $9,700
towards church planners, church plants,
I and b missionaries, our Southern
Baptist Cooperative Program Missions.
Um, and as a church, we've committed
to give 10% away to those specifically.
Um, every year, um, we gave $35,000
towards local ministries in our
city or local missions in our city.
Um, and out of that portion, so during
the month of December, because you
guys gave, remember we said this,
for every dollar that's given in
December, we'll give, we'll match that
and give that away to our community.
You guys gave $12,000 in the
month of December, which is our
biggest giving month we've ever
had, which I think's amazing.
Guys, I think that's amazing.
Three of you clapped.
The rest of y'all just
celebrate in your hearts.
It's okay.
Um, why is that a big deal?
One.
I really wanna stop and talk
about this for a minute.
Once I think you guys knew where that
was going, you guys got very strategic.
Some of you took November's tie,
then waited till the first, and
then pulled in Januarys and threw in
Decembers in there just because you
knew all of it was being given away.
I love it.
I don't care.
That's great.
And we were able to give not just
$12,000 away, we're able to give $24,000
away, $24,000 away to three local,
uh, groups in our, our, our community
that we are wanting to invest in.
A portion of that got given in the month
of December, and the rest of it will
be given, um, in this month because we
had to wait until the end of the month.
But I think that is
amazing that we do that.
But let me just throw something out here.
Do, do you know that every single
month we give that away as well?
Like, because you, when you.
We actually give anywhere between 1500
to $2,500 as a give meaning we'll spend
and invest in either breakfast for
teachers or giving to Pathway to Hope
or buying supplies for families in need.
We're doing that every month.
So if you're saying, Hey, well
I just wanna give in the month
of December, and that's the
only time you're giving it away.
No, we're giving it away every month.
Um, and that's what's
really cool about that.
Um, another cool thing is we gave
$6,700 towards benevolence in our,
our, our church, which means this, we
will take care of our families here.
If there is a need in this church, we will
take care of you why we are the church.
And so we we're able to do that
this year and, and I'm just blessed
that we were able to do that.
Um, so total of $52,000 worth, I would
say, admission dollars that we spent
locally and internationally in missions.
$52,000.
I don't know about anybody that may
be bigger than your annual salary.
We gave that away.
That's amazing that we were able
to give that away as a church.
And there, there's so
much more that we did.
I know we invested in children's and
students through all these different
activities that we did with them, but one
of the cool things we had to do with our
children's and students is the camp This
year we covered half the cost of all of
our kids', uh, camp, and the full cost
of all of our student camps and all of
our volunteers that went to serve them.
So we invested heavily in them and
were wanting to continue to do that.
So, small note, I know this is just
a small note of, of celebration
of what we did as a church,
missionally as we did financially.
Um, and I'm just, I'm telling
you, I'm looking around and I'm,
I'm almost like laugh at times.
I've been in churches 20 times our
size that don't match those numbers or
those activities in their community,
and that is not a knock to them.
Just so you know, what I'm just
saying is God has taken a small group
of people and he has done way more
than we could ever imagine or think.
So God gets the glory for what
he's done and here's the cool part.
We get to do it again this year.
Isn't that fun?
And we get to involve
more people and do more.
That's.
You wanna know why I love
this church right there?
I mean, I, yeah, you're the pastor.
You have to be, I, I'm telling you, I
love being here because of the stories
that we have from here and there's
so many more that we could share, but
I just want to continue to encourage
you to be a part of things like this.
Um, and so here's the question.
What is it going to take?
What ahead of us?
Right?
And I think it's gonna take faith.
And the reason why is because just because
you did something once doesn't mean it's
easier to do it again and even more.
Um, and so, because if I know
that, I know it's a year of faith.
And so I believe God is calling
us deeper into a year of faith.
And again, as a church, we
technically, if we've launched
almost two years ago, right?
In, in April, we have launched
two years ago, but we've been
here as a family for three years.
We celebrated three years.
And usually this is what churches and our
church plants and pastors are thinking.
I want you guys to know this.
This is what churches and pastors
are thinking at year three.
So you can get into, to my head and
maybe even some things that you're
thinking is number one, they're
usually saying, are we gonna make it.
Like, are, are we actually gonna make it?
Is this thing gonna
gonna figure its way out?
And, and I believe it is.
Number two, the question that we
usually ask as church planners is, are
we ever going to be self-sustaining?
Because you guys saw that $80,000
is internally $150,000 that are
we ever gonna be self-sustaining?
Uh, that's a good question.
God knows that one.
Um, and then the last one is,
and this is one of the big ones.
Um, are we, those who are in the church
or even in myself, are we always gonna
wear five different hats on Sunday?
And let me explain this.
So I'm set up Team Taron, team, I'm
parking team, I am Next Steps team.
And I'm also preaching on Sundays.
I love it by the way.
And I probably won't change much
of that over time because I love
being a part of those ministries.
But at some point we start asking
this question, are we always gonna
serve in five different roles?
And here's those who have been
serving in five different roles.
Here's my encouragement to you.
Keep it up.
Uh, but not always.
You wanna know why?
Because God has brought more people and
God will bring more people to be a part
of the mission, not because they have to.
And I, I wanna be as clear as
I can when it comes to giving.
When it comes to serving.
If you feel an obligation and it's
like, oh, I have to do this, you
have the wrong heart and you're
not hearing what I'm saying.
I want you to desire to be
a part of what God's doing.
I want you to desire to give because
that God is doing something so
amazing, not because the pastor told
me to, or I feel like I have to.
I'm telling you the moment that you
feel that way, you have the wrong heart.
And that's not the desire I have.
That's not the desire our church
has, our church desires for you to
be a part of and desire to be a part
of serving and giving and being a
part of, hopefully removing some of
those hats that we've talked about.
So here's my faith statements, because
guys, I'm, if you know my, my, my,
if you know me or if you talk to
my wife, I usually say, I hope so.
And I really hope.
I don't have to serve
in five roles this year.
At the end of the year, I hope that we,
and I, I wanna change that this year.
Does, is anybody pessimistic?
I'm maybe the only one.
Okay.
We have a couple of us
in here that'll admit it.
Does anybody like seeing the glass
half empty of every situation?
I just, I just see it.
You tell me.
It's like guaranteed.
I'm like, well, yes, sir.
I think it could be.
Okay.
So I wanna change.
I'm, I wanna change, I wanna start
making faith statements, believing God
completely and trusting him completely.
So here's how I would
answer those questions.
Are we gonna make it?
Yes.
God has planted this church, not us.
God has planted this church.
And if every time I re I'm remind
myself of this, it's not about me.
It's about like I, I have an
obedience part of it and I have a
role in it, but it is not about me.
It's about Jesus.
So yes, we will.
Number two, are we gonna
make it financially?
Are we ever gonna be self-sustaining?
Yes.
You wanna know why?
Because number one, God has called
this church, each one of you in this
room to be a part of giving generously.
And I've seen so many of you do that.
And I believe God will continue to
encourage you and many others that
join us to continue to help us reach
and serve our community financially.
Number three, the last one, right
are, are we ever gonna get to a point
where I don't wear five hats, or
all of us don't wear five hats on?
And the answer is yes.
Wanna know why?
Because the laborers in the harvest,
the labor, I mean, it's biblical.
He talks about that.
Those who go out and reach other
people, he says the laborers are
in the harvest, which means this.
Some of you are part of the harvest,
some of you have joined Inspiring Hope
new, and you're part of fulfilling the
roles to help some of us not serve in
five different areas and to be able
to fulfill the mission to reach people
and fill and discover God's purpose
for your life through that role.
But there's going to be more people
that we reach to be able to do.
So I wanna give you guys some examples.
Some of you probably wondering, are we
ever gonna get into the word of God?
Yes.
Here you go.
Here's here it is.
I want us see you guys to
turn to Genesis chapter 12.
Genesis chapter 12.
And we're gonna look at, at, I'm
gonna, I'm probably just gonna read
two of 'em for the sake of time.
Um, but I wanna give you the story of
Abraham because I think Abraham is a
great reminder of faith, um, because
he had to have faith for a while.
So in Genesis chapter 12, here's what
it says here in verses one through four.
I'm gonna read this short
verses one through four.
I think we may have it up on the screen.
If we don't, I'll just read it to you.
Okay?
So the Lord said to Abram, go out
from your land, your relatives, and
your father's house to the land that
I will show you, and I will make
you a great nation, and I will bless
you and I'll make your name great.
And you'll be a blessing.
And I will bless those who bless you
and I will curse anyone who treats
you with contempt and all the peoples
on earth will be blessed through you.
So here was Abraham's response.
So Abram went as the Lord had told him.
You know what I wrote
down in my Bible in this?
It's called simple obedience.
When God gives a command and he
makes a statement, you believe it.
Simple obedience, simple faith.
Why?
Why do I read that?
Because this is the beginning
of the call of Abraham and he's
called Abraham at first and later
his name's chained to Abraham.
If you're wondering that, and that's
a longer story, but I believe this,
I just started looking through this.
We're experiencing some of God's
promises to Abraham all the
way back in Genesis chapter 12.
He says, I'll make you
into a great nation.
God has taken Abraham and he
is not just the seed, like
literally we're the lineage.
Not that because we're not Jews,
but some of you may be, I guess.
Um, but I, the idea of faith, we.
Have become a great nation of faith
because of God's promise to Abraham.
See, God promised Abraham to be
blessed and he says, I'll bless you.
And again, the term of blessed can
be different for different people.
But I would say this, that having a
saving relationship through Jesus and
the forgiveness of my sins and the
opportunity to experience a personal
relationship with God, I'm blessed.
I dunno about you guys.
I'm blessed.
So now because of Abraham's faith from
Genesis chapter 12, and, and God's
promise, I'm experiencing Abraham's
faith, I'm experiencing God's promises,
and I could go on and on and on and
on, uh, just with this specific story.
And I share all that to
say this guys is, is faith.
Sometimes it's so simple,
it's just believing.
God says who he says he is and is
gonna do what he says he's gonna do.
Let's go ahead and move
into Genesis chapter 15.
Another part of Abraham's story.
Genesis chapter 15, and I'm gonna
read verses one through six.
Um, and this is what it says,
after these events, the word of
the Lord came to Abram in a vision.
He says, do not be afraid.
Abram, I am your shield.
Your reward will be very great.
But Abram said, Lord God, what can
you give me since I'm a childless
and the air of my house as El AAR
of Damascus and Abraham continued?
Look, you have given me no offspring.
So a slave born in my
house will be my air.
And so you see a little bit
of Abraham's doubt, okay?
Cuz he's got doubt.
We all have doubt.
He has a little bit of doubt.
And here's what the word
of the Lord says, said.
Now the word of the Lord came to him.
This one will not be your air.
Speaking of Eli aar.
Instead, the one who comes from
your own body will be your.
He took him outside and said to him, look
in the sky and count the stars, and if you
are able to count them, then he said to
him, your offspring will be that number.
And Abram believed the Lord and
he credited him as righteousness.
See, at times we're gonna have doubt
in the midst of our faith, but when
the Lord spoke again, when we spend
time with the Lord, again, the Lord
reminds us of his faithfulness and our
our challenge, our our to be able to be
just like Abram, to believe the Lord and
that be credit to us as righteousness.
I'm not gonna read the next
section, but I'm gonna summarize
it in Genesis chapter 22.
This is the story of Abraham.
God says to go take Isaac, bring him
up on a mountain and to sacrifice him
to the Lord, which sounds so horrible.
Interestingly enough, God
actually sends his own son to
do that for our sake later on.
But he challenges Abraham
to do this in this story.
And the reason I'm not reading just a
little bit longer, and I know we're a
little bit longer on time today, but.
Abraham.
Abraham got up.
The Lord says, take Isaac,
take him up on the hill in Sac.
And Abraham got up and took his son,
took his son all the way up, lay
him on the altar, ties him down,
and raises the knife up to kill him.
And the Lord stops him.
Now you say, why did God
wait till that last second?
It was a test, a faith, and God affirmed
his covenant with Abraham in that day.
There's going to be a test of faith in
our walks, and when I think of this year,
guys, there's going to be a test of faith.
Is God gonna show up?
Is God gonna move?
Is God gonna provide?
Is God gonna save people
in this community?
Is God gonna raise up leaders is God?
And I'm telling you, I'm the best at
asking that question, but I'm learning
from Abraham to quickly turn to faith.
To faith.
And you wanna know why, and,
and this is so important.
I I, I'm probably, yeah, I'm, I'm,
I'm sharing this right on time.
I don't know where I got this
from, but I've held onto it.
God's faith.
Excuse me, God's faithfulness in
the past gives me confidence of his
faithfulness today and in the future.
And I'll say this again, God's
faithfulness in the past gives
me confidence of his faithfulness
now and in the future for you and
I, I really wanna sit with you.
I'm not literally sitting, but I, I'll
sit with you in this if you wonder.
God hasn't been faithful
to me in the past.
I've been there.
I have been there.
And you know what I did
early on in my faith?
I went to the word of God and
I read and I saw Abraham, and I
took Abraham's past, faithfulness,
faith, and God's past faithfulness.
And I believed God.
And I believe because I believed God.
He accounted to me as righteousness.
And I begin to experience God
being faithful in my life.
And then God started writing a story
in my life and then I could look back.
And God's faithfulness in the past gave
me the confidence to have faith now and
in the future because God is faithful.
See that word faith is gonna
be critical to us this year.
And I believe the story of David is or not
Davids, excuse me, the story of Abraham
is a critical story to, to reflect on.
And it just reminded me as I
was in the word of God, to think
about this and to remember this.
And if this statement is true, that that,
God, I want you to think about this.
If God cares more about the success of
reaching this community than we do, then
why do we worry or stress about what
God's doing and what God's not doing?
I, I'm, maybe I'm speaking to myself
and I just need to turn and preach to
myself, but there's times where we wonder
what God's doing in our lives, but God
cares more about your life than you do.
Why?
Because you are so precious.
He was willing to send his
son to die in your place.
So God cares about whatever circumstance
you're walking through, whatever
financial situation, whatever
relationship issue, God cares about you.
He cares more about that situation.
I think maybe somebody needed
to hear that today and, and
you're maybe struggling and.
Maybe you need to hang on to Abraham's
story and say, God was faithful to
Abraham, and if he was faithful to
Abraham, he'll be faithful to me now and
he'll be faithful to me in the future.
And then God will start building
your story and you'll start
being able to claim that as well.
So I think it's important to
remember that word, faith this year.
I think it's important to remember
all that God did last year, but
here's how we're gonna end today.
What do we believe God is leading
us to do this year as a church?
As a church I, I've said this, our
mission is to inspire hope by helping
people discover God's purpose for their
life through a relationship with Jesus.
We believe every single person in this
room and in our community has a purpose
divinely from God to know him personally.
That's the simple part of it.
God desires to have a relationship
with every single person.
He desires that and he desires as
they experience that relationship.
As you experience a relationship with
Jesus, that you will fulfill your purpose
by serving and giving in a community of
people so that they can experience Jesus.
That's our mission.
So how do we fulfill our mission?
Here's the cool part about
how we fulfill our mission.
We have it over here.
We talk about it.
We follow live, serve, it,
expand, we follow Jesus.
We live in community.
We serve those around us, and we
ultimately expand God's kingdom.
And I'm gonna give you some
things for this year that we're
gonna be focusing on as a church.
Number one, we're gonna focus on
following Jesus as a, as a whole church.
Um, cool part here.
Um, Emily and Derek were talking to me
one day and mentioned this Bible app.
Uh, and they said, Hey, you should
just look at this Bible app.
It's great.
They think they did it their last church.
And I was like, okay, I'll look into it.
I started going through that
and guys, just so you know,
I think it's divine by God.
I started going through that in
December, cuz normally it's annually.
And I got into Genesis and I was blown up.
Like, I was like, oh my gosh.
Like it, it wasn't the Bible
plan, it was just the word of God.
I was just getting back into Genesis.
And I was seeing these stories again,
it was just building up my faith.
And I was like, we gotta
use this Bible app.
So here's, here's what the plan will be.
I know some of you are faithful followers
of Jesus that has a plan already for
the year and you're walking through
it with another lady or whatever.
Keep doing that.
Another man, if you're doing it, great.
If you don't have anything that you're
intentionally walking through this
year, I've got something for you.
Um, this app, uh, this app
is the read scripture app.
I'll send this out this week so
that you have this in your text
message cuz I text messaged, right?
You're gonna get it, you're gonna
get a text message about this.
Um, here's what I would hope.
It's, it's a, it's key Bible stories
where you walk through the whole Bible
with videos from the Bible project.
If you've ever watched the Bible
project videos, you'll love 'em.
They are great.
They help summarize the Bible.
They help pull out different
things in the story.
It helps you understand what's going
on if you're lost a lot like me.
Okay?
Um, and so it walks through
pretty consistently.
Um, and it's been amazing since
I've been walking through it.
So I'm gonna send that out to you.
And my hope is, is that those of
you who aren't in plans, We'll reply
back and say, Hey, I'm gonna do this.
That lets me know who's gonna do
it, and then I want to connect you
with somebody else that's doing it.
And you guys can walk through it
together and encourage each other.
You may not be on the same day, but
you're gonna be disconnecting and
saying, Hey, I'm walking through this.
I'm walking through this.
Um, and if it's you
and your spouse, great.
That can be you too.
But I want our people to be in the
word, go in the word and, and let
me, let me share this, and I wanna
be as, as clear as I possibly can.
God reminded me as I was in the word
that if, if anything's gonna happen in
this year, it will not be from just me
telling about a lot of good things or
about us doing a lot of good things.
It's gonna be about each one of you
being transformed, formed by the word
of God through a relationship with God.
And so God convicted me about that.
The number one thing that I wanna
see in our church is that you're in
the word and that you know Jesus.
And if that happens, everything
else will take care of itself.
Everything else to take care of itself.
God reminded me.
It's not about me, it's about him.
It's about his word.
So we're going to prioritize the word.
We're gonna challenge
you to get in the word.
If you're already in the word with
another plan, I'm just gonna praise
God and say, Hey, keep going.
But if you aren't, we're gonna go through
this together as those who aren't right.
So my desire is to see you guys
grow in your faith, um, with that.
Um, number two, we're
going to live in community.
What we already talked
about, living community.
Well, here's what you guys may know
or may not know in this past year.
We love inspire groups and we've tried
to start some new inspire groups and
we're trying to figure this thing out,
which means we're trying to live life
outside the church during the week, and
it's just not working the greatest way.
We were hoping to, and we're still trying
to figure this out, we're not giving up on
inspired groups, but here's what I know.
We are going to continue
to prioritize groups.
Community.
And, uh, one of those is, uh, me and
Brittany are really, uh, considering
moving our group on a Sunday afternoon
slash early evening so that young
families can come on a Sunday and get
home before bedtime and mealtime, um,
and, and have some childcare so that
you guys can come and do that rather
than during the week when life's chaos.
Um, that may be one way, but if
that's not the only way we have things
like Elise's in a, in aship group.
Praise God.
She is discipling some ladies.
I went to Panera to have a
meeting on Wednesday and I saw
her over there with the, the her
two ladies just pour into them.
And I'm just like, I'm celebrating.
I'm like, oh, this is so great.
That's community.
I wanna see more groups like that.
And so the challenges here is to
help you get connected to each
other throughout the week somehow.
Guys, we can't just come on a
Sunday and think that's good enough.
It it, it's not, it's not good enough.
I, I wanna know you more and
I hope you wanna know me more.
I need your relationships as well.
So we're gonna focus on trying to make
that a continued priority in our church.
Uh, number two.
Serving, you're, you're
gonna love this one.
Ready?
This one's a little bit unique.
I'm gonna slow down a little bit
cause I've been talking fast.
We're gonna serve different this year.
We're gonna keep doing
what we've been doing.
But God has placed on MINDBODY's heart and
I know several other people's hearts, um,
that he has called us to this community.
Um, because there are, there
is a next generation to reach.
We believe God called us to the schools
to minister in through the schools, to
provide afterschool programs to connect
with, with teenagers and, and these
young kids, which means this, we have a
great children's ministry, by the way.
Thank you Laura and
children's ministry team.
You guys do great.
Um, and we are trying to figure
out our, our youth ministry.
I know Elisa and Riley and a couple
others have been involved in trying to
get this youth ministry figured out.
Um, God, God has called us to reach
the next generation, and I believe
we need to focus on student ministry.
I, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna be
honest with you, in serving.
Which means this, in order to
serve our community, we, we need
to reach the students and we need
to provide good biblical teaching
and mentorship in our community.
We just need to do it.
I don't have a plan, so as
a pastor staying up here,
I'm not coming with a plan.
Here's what me and Brittany have
committed to, and I'm gonna pray
for you guys to commit to pray, pray
that God reveals to our church how
we take the next step in that area.
I, I don't think it's a, you
know, if we get around to it, I
think it needs to be a priority.
God has called us here to reach the next
generation, and, and if he has, then he's
gonna provide a way for us to do that.
And I'm ready to put it on in faith
to say, all right, Lord, show us.
But we need to prioritize it and, and that
may be you, somebody sitting in a seat.
That may be somebody that God
brings outside of our church.
I don't know.
That may be a group of people that
step up and I know we've already had a
group of people that are doing a great
job and I want to knock that at all.
I think we've been doing what we
can and I think we wanna do more.
Not only for our students, but
for our community students.
So our vision for this year is to
begin to pray for that specifically
how God would reveal how we
meet that need in our community.
So that is a serving
opportunities, I believe.
Number two, expand.
Um, we have a desire to develop
leaders and to empower leaders.
And when we think about expanding,
expanding God's kingdom to by, you
know, developing disciples, groups
and churches, we've talked a lot about
that, but I think leaders should be
a part of that statement as well.
Last year we talked about leadership
development, like, and, and we've
done a little bit of that and we
wanna continue to do that, but
this year's leadership empowerment.
Um, one of the ways that we've done
that is just to kind of, uh, let you
guys know official capacity this year.
Uh, Laura has moved into an official
capacity as a children's director.
You may say, well, isn't she
already functioning that?
Yes.
Um, she's just coming on staff as
part-time to do that, um, which is great.
We're super excited about.
Number two, Matt is coming on as
our music and media director, uh,
officially on staff as part-time as well.
So in leadership, empowerment
means they're going to
have a more important role.
They've already been doing an amazing
job in the role, but to continue
to step into that role more and
to help lead this church forward.
Um, a couple other things that
happen is we as a church run, I
know this is going long, guys, but
I'm trying to help you just really
engage with who we are as a church.
But we have a board that oversees
the activities of our church.
Um, and uh, this board was
composed of five different guys.
Um, three of them were from Oklahoma.
Two of 'em were actually from Oklahoma.
One was here with us.
Um, and then we had two other pastors,
um, two of those guys we have asked.
Um, cause they've served their time
to go ahead and, and step down and
move on because it's time to start
adding some of our own people.
So we have added Orville and Matt onto
our board to help us oversee our church.
And what that means is they hold
me accountable in everything we
do from a finance standpoint to
big decisions, things like that.
Um, and, and that makes sure that
we have a good structure long term.
What's our role with that?
That board will turn into an elder board
where we will have multiple, um, men
helping lead this church as a whole, and
we're working that direction over time.
And so those are some
leadership empowerment.
But you may ask this question.
Is those the only things that were like,
it's the only way you can be empowered?
No, actually, um, as a volunteer, as
a, as a, as a, as a member of this
church, I want to, I wanna do the
best I can to get out of the way.
Um, I'm just telling you, I half
the things I do probably throughout
the week, I don't need to be
doing, I'm not good at doing them.
Uh, and that's social media posting.
I'm just not even remembering
to do any of that.
But we need to continue to empower
leaders in this church to take on roles
to fulfill, and it doesn't necessarily
have to be on staff, but just to fulfill
the ministry that God has called us to.
Um, and we're even, uh, one of the things
I don't think I've mentioned publicly,
but um, Elisa has stepped down from
Ministry assistant because she is getting
ready to have a baby and she's been
focusing on her kids' school, which I'm
so thankful for her time in serving that.
But that's left a void where we need a
ministry assistant about 10 hours a week.
And so if somebody in this room saying,
Hey, I'd love to be a part, a ministry
assistant, you know, let me know and
we can talk a little bit about that.
Um, maybe an opportunity for you.
But we're praying that
God provides that role as.
And so I say all that to say is
we want to continue to empower
leaders because this church is
more than just me doing everything.
And it's become more than that.
But now it's even seen now empowering
people to serve alongside me on the staff,
which is gonna be a huge thing as well.
So I'm excited about that.
Um, and so just a couple
of last things here.
Going back to our focus on ministry,
the simple and clearly defined,
um, ministry is we're, we're trying
to put some systems and structures
together for our next steps, and
Amanda's been helping with that.
And there'll be more to share with
that, but we're trying to focus
on that internally as a church.
But our mission field has changed, and
that's the one I want to end on today.
Our mission field has changed.
We are officially moving
out of this space.
Next Sunday, we will have a
service, uh, a condensed service.
We'll pack up and we'll move
everything to the Y M C A and the 22nd.
We will officially meet there, um,
of this month, which may sound quick.
You've been hearing it for
a while, but we are moving.
And what that means is it's not about
a, just a different place to meet.
But it's a mission field, and I believe
God's brought us to this mission field
for a specific time and opportunity.
Um, and I think that God is gonna open
up opportunities for us to connect with
new people, uh, to meet with new people
in, in the pub this public space, serve
the community partner alongside them.
Um, I've already had probably seven
to 10 gospel conversations just going
in and out of there to talk with
the staff about different things.
I've had two other, their staff that
don't even go to churches that have said,
you know, we may come, um, now that it's
in the y and like, I'm already seeing
that just from initial discussions.
So I believe we're gonna be able to
reach more people, um, through this.
But here's what I know and I, I wanna
make a couple of statements and I
wanna hand something out to you.
If we go into the Y M C A and our current
volunteer base continues to serve the
way we've been serving here, we won't be
able to serve well at, at the Y M C A.
Uh, and I'm not guilting anybody in this.
I'm just really encouraging you.
To ask the Lord how you
can be a part of this.
Um, I, I, I'm, I'm gonna make
this statement as, as nicely
and as straightforward as I can.
Being a part of an inspiring hope
is not meant to be a spectator.
If you're new here, that's
a perfect time to figure out
if this is the place for you.
But the moment that you say, I h c is
your home, it's time to get involved.
And I don't want to guilt you in that.
That's not what I'm saying.
But there's somewhere that you can
be a part of what God's doing here.
I'm, we just celebrated all that.
God did.
There's some way that you can serve
on a Sunday, once, once a month.
I'm just telling you.
There, there is.
And, and, and, and I, I, we kind of
talked about this a couple months
ago at our family meeting, but I'm
really just gonna challenge you to
actually say, no, I'm in, I'm in.
And then we can, we can talk about it.
There's things like parking, um, there's
things like greeting, there's things like
next steps or cafe or music and helping
with tech, and they can train you on that.
There's.
Lots of even things where we're
gonna talk about following up with
family members during the week.
And there, there's so many opportunities.
And so I'm, I'm gonna do this,
I'm gonna continue to talk as,
as Alisa passes this around.
Here's just an opportunity for you
today, um, to see opportunities
and places to serve, to write
your name on it, check market.
Put how many times
you're willing to serve.
And here's the thing.
You can check Mark all of them.
It doesn't mean you're gonna be
committed to all of them, but here's
what it would say is that you're putting
your yes on the table to consider the
opportunity to serve in this role.
And, and I, the reason why I say that
is, is so many times you guys are
like, but I don't know all the details.
And that's great cuz I can't stand
up here another hour and explain
all the details of those ministries.
But if you're willing to c consider
that opportunity, then we follow up
and say, what does that look like?
You know?
And you may say, well,
tell me more about it.
And then you go, you know,
that's not my gifting.
I, I, I'm telling you, there's
certain people in here I already know.
There's certain people in
here that says, if you put me
with kids, they would hate me.
I don't want you in kids, but you
may be great in the back clicking
slides next because you're not
gonna make the computer angry.
Okay?
That may be you, but we need
some more roles in that.
Okay?
So the, you get where I'm at here,
but, but I say all this to say,
when we move to the Y M C A, we have
to change our mentality as a hole.
And if you're watching online,
I'll send you this sheet.
If you, if they're not here,
I'm gonna send 'em a sheet.
We need everybody to choose one
place, at least one place there.
There's somewhere that you could
participate in and help win.
And again, just mark it
down and then we will talk.
They're, you're not
signing your life away.
Um, but I want you to be able to fill
those out before you leave and leave
them back there at the next steps
table today, because I think this is
going to be a key part of our church.
And this is, this is really my
challenge as, as a, as a vision
of church, moving from a smaller
church to a little bit bigger
church and, and, and moving forward.
Guys, I've been in your seat.
This is, this is usually the statements
we would say I'll give when I have money.
I'll serve when I have time and
I'll share when I know enough.
You guys know what I'm
talking about, right?
Because we never have enough money
and we never have enough time, and
we never have enough knowledge to
feel confident to share our faith.
I've been there, I've told myself
that there many times we need to
change those statements to this.
I will give now because God has blessed
me with what I have, and I'll give what
I have I'll serve now because I want
to prioritize the mission of God over
something else, which means this, you
may have to say no to something else in
order to say yes to serving, which means
I'm just telling, I know it's difficult.
You might have to say no to
sleeping one extra hour and,
and, and I mean, that's tough.
And, and here's another tough one.
You may have to say no to driving
with your spouse to church once a
month just to come serve in parking.
To set up.
And, and I know that sounds difficult, I
know that sounds difficult, but I'm not
asking you to do anything that I haven't
committed to doing for three years.
And, and, and I wanna lead by example.
And here's the cool part.
Our leaders in this church have
led by example for the amount
of years they've been here.
I want you to serve alongside them and
say, I'm willing to sacrifice some time.
I'm willing to, to be a part of.
And here's the cool part, because
you want to be a part of it.
You see this, this is a great opportunity.
So I, I'm, I know like I I and that person
that hates like disappointing people.
But I, I don't wanna disappoint God.
I, I don't, I want to see God get
more and more glory this year.
And he, and here's the cool part.
Um, I wouldn't say this just to a full
group of people that I didn't know, but
I know you guys, I believe God has called
you guys here for such a time as this.
If you're in this room, if you're
watching online, and I'm gonna send
this video to those who didn't show
up, I'm gonna tell 'em the same thing.
Okay?
I believe you were here for such
a time as this, and if you don't
remember the Esther story, you
need to go read the Esther story.
The cool thing that's
in the book of Esther.
You can find it.
The Esther story.
Mordecai's reminding her as she's in this
position as queen, the Save the Jews from
destruction, from dying, being massacred.
He says, look around you.
Your position has given you
opportunity, but there's risk
involved, and she didn't wanna risk
her life to save the lives of many.
Are you willing to risk one hour of
sleep driving separate from your spouse,
you know, one month, a week, whatever.
Are you willing to risk that?
And that's not much risk to possibly
meet the needs of someone who would
attend our church and come to know Jesus.
I'm trying to break this down for you.
Here.
God's word is good and it
reminds me of these things.
So as we take some time for
Invitation, God's inviting us to
be a part of this story that he's
writing here at Inspiring Hope.
The cool part is you're
here today by choice.
Maybe it's a text message.
You're here by choice because
you've said this inspiring hope.
There's something about it.
You're here for some reason, and,
and you guys thought through that.
You're, you're coming
back for some reason.
You've thought of that.
I'm challenging you to let that drive you
into being a part of more in this year
to join the mission, to give, to serve,
to sacrifice, to share so that we can see
more and more people in our community come
to know Jesus and to grow in their faith.
And I know that is difficult,
but it is important for us to
not miss this opportunity that
God has given us as a church.
So I want you to take time during
an invitation to say yes to.
May be saying yes to salvation
because here's the thing, don't serve.
I, I, I'll say that this is this.
You may say I'm crazy.
I don't want you serving or giving
before you've given your life to Jesus.
I don't want you to get out of order.
I want you to serve and give, but I want
you to give your life to Jesus first
because guys, what are we doing it for?
We're doing it because God is so
transform my life to transform your life.
So do it after you give
your life to Jesus.
So the first step you need is
to give your life to Jesus.
And if you haven't done
that, please come talk to me.
After service.
I'm gonna be in the back, your
invitation, come talk to me.
If you have questions about
it and you're still not there
yet, let's still talk about it.
But I want you to give your life to Jesus.
Then I want you to pray for
clarity on where, not if,
where you will serve in 2023.
Fill out the sheet during this
time as you're praying, bring
it back to the next steps table.
Um, and then I'll follow up with you.
We may have some other members follow
up with you if, if it's their ministries
to say, Hey, let's talk about the
next steps to be a part of this.
Here's what I know.
This is really where I wanna land.
God is going to do something
this year through inspiring hope.
The question is, are you
going to be a part of it?
And I've been asking that
same question this year.
Am I gonna be a part of it?
If we kept serving and giving
the way we did in 2022 and we do
that in 2023, what will change?
Were you a part of that?
Maybe you were, maybe you weren't.
I wanna be a part of it.
I'm ready to see God move.
Let's pray.
Lord Jesus, we thank
you God for this time.
Lord, I know that it maybe is longer than
we had hoped, but Lord Jesus, I just pray
the Lord the words that we were shared.
Um, today, Lord, were words that
encouraged, Lord, I pray that these words
don't feel like I'm trying to guilt trip.
Lord, this is not about guilt tripping.
This is about encouraging
and believing in people.
God, you have called each person to this,
this place to be a part of the mission.
To transform lives in our community.
And, uh, God, you, you
have chose to use us.
And I think that's the, the thing that's
so humbling is that you have chose to use
each one of us in this room to do that.
And because of that, Lord,
I don't wanna waste it.
And I pray that they don't wanna
waste their lives or the lives we're
given to them for such a time as this.
Lord, may we go into this new year on
fire for you first and following you
personally through being in your word
daily and then finding our place to serve
and give God, may you give wisdom to those
who are considering what they should do.
May you challenge them in their faith.
Lord, may you challenge me and
my faith in my role in this year
and help me lead well, help our
leaders lead well this year.
And Lord, I just prayed last thing.
Lord, if there's someone in this
room that doesn't know you, God, I am
begging that that person has the faith.
To come back and talk with me and ask
how they can give their lives to you.
Will we pray this in your heavenly name?
Amen.